The Joe Rogan experience. The thing is these stuff aren't hard to obtain, like,
you know, getting a Porsche isn't hard, right?
It was hard for a lot of people. Depends on how much you make, what you do.
What kind of job.
You're trapped in. Hard is relative. Right. You know, like, like I tell my kids,
hard is, uh, basically undiscovered. That's all it is. Right.
So for example, when you first do algebra, it's hard. Right?
But that's just because it's new so hard equals new.
That's what hard means it's new because once you do algebra 3, 4, 5,
10 times is not new anymore. And therefore it's not hard.
So once you break past the, the newness of a thing,
it's no longer hard, like building a business. It's not new to me.
Therefore, it's not hard. It's very easy for me to build a business.
Yeah. Because I've done it so many times in my life. You see what I'm saying?
Jeff it's eyes is cash flowing four X.
What it was doing when I first joined the company and all I do is make a few
tweaks, but that's only because I'm not new to the tech startup space.
I've been working with over 20 startups, over 20 startups in, in, in,
in a matter of two, three years as a consultant. So this stuff, when people say,
oh, it's hard. It's like, no, no, no, it's not hard. It's new.
And you're an idiot and you don't know what you're doing.
It's not hard to achieve anything in his life. My, uh, you know,
I used to work for 50 cent. Right. And, um, uh, I, uh,
when I lived in new Brunswick, right by Rutgers, I, I, I,
I wasn't really a 50 cent fan. I enjoyed his music.
I wasn't a fan to buy a poster. I bought this poster. It was him and G unit.
And he had his big stash of money. And I was like, yo, this just,
this poster motivates me. You fast forward 10 years.
And some other things I did to get close to 50. And I actually worked with 50.
That was technically hard. Right? It's not easy to get next to 50.
But when I did it, it happened like that. Then I started working with Carmelo.
Anthony. You're saying.
Once it actually happened, it turned out. It.
Wasn't actually hard. No hard. It's hard for some people. No,
they're just not disciplined. Hard.
Hard is dealing with yourself. That's what's hard.
Can you defeat your own mind? So when I wake up every morning,
the only thing I got to defeat is doubt. It's the only thing I have to defeat.
Once I defeat doubt, I live in a limitless world,
infinite possibilities. I can literally do anything. You so-so. People told me,
oh, in order to be in tech, you know, you need a million dollars. And, and this,
that, and the third dude, I got equity in three tech companies,
three tech companies. And I'm not rich. I didn't, you know,
put up millions to get into these companies.
I'm part of these companies because I built me and it wasn't hard.
It really wasn't hard to get into these companies.
I just had something to offer and they saw value in me.
I want to be the next Elon Musk. I want to be the next bill gates.
I want to be the guy that Zuckerberg hates. You see what I'm saying?
I want to be the guy that,
that builds the new Silicon valley on the east coast. You know that like,
that's, those are my aspirations.
So when people tell me what you can and cannot do, when it is hard, I'm like,
dude, I'm selling Bitcoin. How many black dudes, you know,
sell Bitcoin? None. I don't know anybody who sells Bitcoin.
Exactly. And people are telling me, this is hard. It's not hard. You, you,
you get what you want. And, and I didn't get into Bitcoin out of dumb luck.
I manifested that. I said, I wanted to sell Bitcoin. How can I manifest it?
Then I let it go. And the universe brought me the opportunity.
And then it happened when I said, when I first said, I want to be a VC.
First thing I want to do is start building a portfolio.
I didn't look for companies. They found me. It just,
I just had to ask the universe and it presented opportunities.
And I just had to say, what do you mean by how to ask the universe?
I had to put the intention out there. So do you think that.
Literally by thinking about things, you can make them.
Happen. You can make the opportunity present itself,
and then you have to be ready to take advantage. So let's,
we gotta walk through the story of the 50 something, right?
So I get invited to his bus launch, right? For the company.
Now I'm sitting on the bus,
they moved me to the back because of security reasons.
So I'm in the back of the bus. When the bus start moving in, my head,
fear kicks in and doubt kicks in and I'm telling myself,
I should just hop with the bus stop. And I said,
I should just hop up and just start screaming. I'm on a bus, a 50 cent.
And I'm like, nah, I don't do add, ain't invited you out here.
You got to sit here and that's not right. And you know,
all these things society says is right. So I stand up and I go, yo,
I'm on a bus of 50 cent. Right? And in a whole crowd, rushes the bus.
After the crowd finishes, they take one of the, uh, energy drink shirts.
They throw it on me, throw the hat on me. They bring me to the front of the bus.
Now I'm sitting next to 50 cent, fast forward two years later,
I'm in a 50 cent company.
But it's because I started off with defeat in doubt,
but also listening to my intuition. My intuition said to hop up and do that.
Right. But the opportunity was presented to me. I didn't,
I didn't create opportunity. They DMD me and said, yo, we want you to come.
I didn't ask. They invited me.
But it's because I kept putting that 50 cent energy out there. You see names.
I kept putting that out there. Like I won't mess with 50 cent.
I want me to say for 10 years, I've been putting in information that,
that energy out there, 50 of you listening, yo holler at me.
I want to work with you again. Um, but I really,
I just really love 15 his attitude. And he's just really a fun dude. You know,
he had a funny.
About father's day see's roundabout. Father's day father's day. Mother's day.
Very funny.
Oh, but you know, the universe, anything you for,
it will present the opportunity. The only thing is are you woken up to see it?
Can you identify it when it hits? And, and,
and can you defeat the fear to, to, to.
And do you have all the other bases in your life covered where you have the
bandwidth to tackle some correct difficult. Correct.
But usually the universe only presents opportunities you can handle. They don't,
it usually it doesn't. Cause if you couldn't handle it,
you wouldn't be able to recognize it.
Do you say this? Like the universe presents this to you,
this like a spiritual concept. Is this like,
are you manifesting reality with your thoughts and intentions?
Do you really believe that? All of that? Why do you.
Believe that? Because I lived it.
I experienced it, but you lived it and you're successful at it. See, that's my,
my perspective on that is always you hear about things like the secret and law
of attraction. You hear that from people that are successful, they say,
I willed it into existence,
but what about the people that tried to will it into existence and nothing ever
worked out right? Well.
Or at Labaro right. Or at Laboy land for work and pray.
A lot of people go into the secret and they just praying,
but they ain't working. Right. That's important. You know? So.
You see what you're saying? I don't look at it in the same way,
but I look at it in a similar way.
I think there is something to intention. There's something.
And there's something also to having that kind of faith to believe in intention.
Whereas I think a lot of people do,
they're reluctant to give into that because it seems too. Woo. Woo.
And it seems like some crystals and astrology and horse,
you know what I mean? Cause it's a lot of that.
The new wage has ruined the law of attraction. You know what I mean? It's like,
oh, just speaking into assistant happen. No, that's not true.
You have to first educate yourself. So when we talk about Hotep, right?
When we talk about Hotep, you got to bring up the 5% nation.
You've got to bring up Supreme mathematics, zero SIFA, one knowledge to wisdom,
three understanding. But at first starts at the number one, right?
Number one is knowledge. So the problem is people that trying to manifest,
but ain't got no knowledge of anything, right?
So how do you manifest something with no knowledge, got to educate yourself.
You've got to first start educating.
Yourself, discipline yourself so that you can educate yourself as well.
Right? And also knowledge is the springboard for imagination,
right? So if there's a complicated calculus problem,
but you don't know what calculus is, how can intuition feed you,
uh, insight or inspiration to solve a calculus problem?
You first have to have the knowledge of calculus. Then when you get it,
you get all this influx of inspiration. Like Arnstein talks about, you know,
he sits down, he kind of meditates and then the inspiration comes.
But the inspiration can only talk to you based upon your understanding,
because I know what I'm saying. Yes.
So the problem is people out here not educating themselves. You know, I,
I, my day begins and ends with educating myself begins ends.
And during the day I'm just reading books,
hopping between books and reading and listening to lectures.
And people think I'm deep. And I'm like, I don't know. I don't know, whatever,
whatever warm, intelligent,
but really my secret is consuming as much information as possible.
That's my secret. And in from that, I'm able to say, oh, well, you know, da or,
you know, studying history, you know, you can do a lot of things,
but if you're not educating yourself or
doing, you got to do something, like just start.